Hey zero times three does not equal 3
equals zero
oh hello my name is Sonic the Hedgehog
and I'm on my vacation
this is my very first video so please
like it yes that is it
let's go hey okay yeah oh thank you hey
wanna go see and see my can see the
waters uh here yeah here whatever - yeah
chipping yes you have a lot about that I
know that sticks
warning footing hazard oh come on
there's no we're gonna whack I'm okay
okay just tripped hey hey Sonic do you
know which one is Grandpa's though yes
it's the one with the weird greenish is
the one with the aqua blue top exhale
yeah yes um it's the moon with the flag
right there good guess what this is our
as I said our first day that's what we
are going to be staying here your next
um recording two days I am in two days I
can't really burn my fingers sorry okay
now these are these hey Sal one of these
tug books I know they're so cool yeah
it's really cool now this is doing real
good and I don't really know what that
is what
Hey The Beacon spiders
let me check spider but for last time
there is no giant spider no this one
person both there's spider was like the
way that they follow over watch it I
trip okay now let's just pause this so
we can get back to the book cool about a
Kerman yeah so you want me to show you
the friends the bump sure okay you are
very annoying person oh yeah
okay now let's back okay fine wishes
leave oh yeah this is Mickey and Minnie
of course you are mine oh right there
short now I know they may look a little
weird that's because there they were wet
because they fell inside the water over
I know you may not go back in it come on
let's go now time to introduce my friend
Oh how's Mickey balls hello oh oh uh
what the heck are you drawing what the
heck
I'm grabbing comes with the trailer
again
this is a good job for super spy sonic
Oh gasps go that was a very complicated
one Wow
just there why didn't you know all right
now let's give a good faces
oh I don't think that it fix it
hey Sonic what are you introduce your
friends okay what especially something
to come here all right everybody these
are my friends Snoopy and you know I
need my best friend sunny mommy just as
introduced by real friends what story is
all right for some press okay now let me
introduce myself this is Pikachu
hello my name is Pikachu whatever ha oh
I love clumsy up just a minute just oh
hello yeah shut up
ash I don't care okay
this is Naruto hello my name is Dario
you know we're just filming your butt
okay and this is Goku yes my name is
kill kill all right here I can see you
you are so uh no that's it
does it okay trim camera around pretty
camera room detective introduce and this
is knuckles hi everybody my name is
knuckles
I'm Sonic's brother and together we are
those super sonic brothers yeah we got
away this is my camera off
whoo is there anything else and it soon
Oh what about that cat
what about that fat little cat over
there he's not my friend
we'll go again and this is why I'm
Garfield boy ah and this is 80 hey buddy
I mean Andrew Sarris girlfriend for the
last freakin time I am NOT your girl I'm
not your dad
I'm not your boyfriend yo no more kisses